README.md, before:

# action-dependabot-title-fixer

[![Test](https://github.com/Submitty/action-dependabot-title-fixer/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Submitty/action-dependabot-title-fixer/actions/workflows/test.yml)

GitHub action that fixes the PR title Dependabot uses so that it meets
[our title guidelines](https://submitty.org/developer/how_to_contribute#how-to-make-a-pull-request-pr-to-submitty).
Dependabot on creating a new PR will append a `:` to the module type (e.g. `[DevDependency]:`), and there's no way
to configure it to not do this (see [dependabot/dependabot-core#2934](https://github.com/dependabot/dependabot-core/issues/2934)).

__Note__: If you are using additional actions that depend on the `pull_request` or `pull_request_target` action types, you'll want to use a
[Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
scoped for `repo` instead of `${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}`. The regular GH token will not trigger additional actions to run.

## Usage

```yaml

name: 'Dependabot Title Fixer'
on:
  pull_request_target:
    # check when PR
    # * is created,
    # * title is edited, and
    # * new commits are added (to ensure failing title blocks merging)
    types: [ opened, reopened, edited, synchronize ]

jobs:
  title-check:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: submitty/action-dependabot-title-fixer@main
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

## Development

### Requirements:

* NodeJS 12+

### Setup

```bash
npm install
```

### Contributing

For new code, you will need to:

1. Write the code
1. Lint the code (`npm run lint`) and test it (`npm run test`)

After you're satisfied with the changes you've made, you will want to finally update the files under `dist/` with your change
by running `npm run package`. Make sure to commit these changed files, as these are the files that are used when people utilize
this action!

With that done, create a PR!

Commit message:

Add notice on why repo is archived

README.md, after:

__NOTE__: This repository has been archived as the max length for prefixes for dependabot was increased per [this comment](https://github.com/dependabot/dependabot-core/issues/2934#issuecomment-1416715959) in November 2022, and so we can now properly use `[DevDependency] `.

# action-dependabot-title-fixer

[![Test](https://github.com/Submitty/action-dependabot-title-fixer/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Submitty/action-dependabot-title-fixer/actions/workflows/test.yml)

GitHub action that fixes the PR title Dependabot uses so that it meets
[our title guidelines](https://submitty.org/developer/how_to_contribute#how-to-make-a-pull-request-pr-to-submitty).
Dependabot on creating a new PR will append a `:` to the module type (e.g. `[DevDependency]:`), and there's no way
to configure it to not do this (see [dependabot/dependabot-core#2934](https://github.com/dependabot/dependabot-core/issues/2934)).

__Note__: If you are using additional actions that depend on the `pull_request` or `pull_request_target` action types, you'll want to use a
[Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
scoped for `repo` instead of `${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}`. The regular GH token will not trigger additional actions to run.

## Usage

```yaml

name: 'Dependabot Title Fixer'
on:
  pull_request_target:
    # check when PR
    # * is created,
    # * title is edited, and
    # * new commits are added (to ensure failing title blocks merging)
    types: [ opened, reopened, edited, synchronize ]

jobs:
  title-check:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: submitty/action-dependabot-title-fixer@main
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

## Development

### Requirements:

* NodeJS 12+

### Setup

```bash
npm install
```

### Contributing

For new code, you will need to:

1. Write the code
1. Lint the code (`npm run lint`) and test it (`npm run test`)

After you're satisfied with the changes you've made, you will want to finally update the files under `dist/` with your change
by running `npm run package`. Make sure to commit these changed files, as these are the files that are used when people utilize
this action!

With that done, create a PR!
